about events or trends or anything here.
As far as you look back and recall, was there any difference between this campus receptivity to black students and Hispanic students?
Yes.
But what was starting to happen was, as recruiting in the Valley, particularly in South Texas, picked up, and there were more and more students coming from the Valley of San Antonio, there were, I believe, the Mexican American or Hispanic students were beginning to have some of the same issues
of adjusting culturally as African Americans were.
And while there was no, there were support programs in place, there was no multicultural services office or any other office for that matter that dealt specifically with those group of students.
Generally what happened was the recruiters
literally became your academic and your social advisor.
So a lot of the students were very dependent on Sonia Ellis and Barry Davis and then eventually Chris Brown and Rick Gonzalez became very dependent on those individuals.
In fact, what would happen is they would be out, those recruiters would recruit,
Students would come in the fall, the recruits were out on the road recruiting in the fall.
Generally you could expect to get a call from Sonia, for me it was for Sonia, after she got first semester grades.
And she'd call you in and talk to you about whether you were having problems and begin to try to direct you.
So the recruiters took on an advisory role, much more so than just advising you about admissions.
Right now, you think that A&M was more sensitive to which minority in advising and counseling?
Or was it equal?
I think it was equal because I think there was this originally, well, Mexican-Americans and Hispanics have a much longer history at the institution, and so that made it a little
I think their ability to mainstream at one point was just wonderful, particularly when a lot of the same, when Anglo students were basically coming from the same places.
But I think as the numbers start to go up,
and the kind of students you were getting because for a long time, probably most of the African-American students that came here came out of the suburbs.
But then you get, when you start having more and more African-American students who come from predominantly African-American high schools and predominantly Hispanic high schools, as the public schools begin to change,
predominance, I think then the need for other kinds of support programs, I think the university responded to those in a positive way.
Not that they didn't before, I think it's just the kind of student became different.
And that's been a pretty tough thing for me, even because it's hard to categorize
while you can have a label based on your ethnicity, it doesn't recognize, there's a marked difference between an African American student who attends a predominantly white school in the suburbs, or even a private school,
who does not need certain kinds of support, and then others who do.
I remember having in the debate, and as a member of the Black Awareness Committee, that somebody said, well, if you're a black student here, then you're a member of the Black Awareness Committee.
And somebody said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Membership does not come by ethnicity.
Membership comes by active participation and involvement here.
And some students, this is not the right place for them.
And I remember a few years later on saying to other students,
Well, do I have to be involved in the Black Awareness Committee?
No, it depends.
It could vary for you.
It could vary for individuals.
Some folks need it.
I think it was good for me because I was wanting this Morehouse experience.
And it was a great entree into a wonderful world of opportunity for me as a student leader.
So I think it just varies for the individuals.
Getting close to the end.
Okay.
In conclusion, it's not quite the last question almost, what has it meant to you that you attended Texas A&M as a student?
What effect has that had on your life?
Oh, all the effect in the world.
I mean just the benefit in terms of my personal development, my professional development, my friendships, just all.
It's just been really an incredible experience for me.
I mean I really feel like I can count on other Aggies.
I think it's wonderful the way Aggies respond to Aggies or respond to causes.
in some cases beyond being an Aggie.
But it's also kind of, for lack of a better way to describe it, names mean a great deal for families.
And so in a lot of cases, what happens is you feel some obligation, largely because you were born in a family.
So you feel an obligation to either large society, obviously to the other family members, but to a large society.
And because that is your name, and my grandmother says, okay, you are a Bizer.
Well, that means something.
Well, you are an Aggie.
That means something.
And so I view that, you know, with a quote that, you know, to whom much is given, much is required.
And so I think it's been absolutely wonderful for me.
If someone gave you a million dollar check right now with only one condition, you had to give it to A&M, but you could decide what use would be made of that money, what would you have A&M do with it?
Scholarships.
To whom, for what?
Scholarships directed at students, no particular race or ethnicity, but students who are much like me.
Students who come from, I guess, a middle, lower middle income,
who have a good history of leadership involvement or involvement and participation in their high schools.
And this would give those students who otherwise, with the family, this would supplement the support they could get from their family, support out of working, because I think it'll be, I thought it would be neat that they could, I think it would be neat if they could work, and add this money to it to provide a good financial aid package for them.
Last question, what feelings do you have in your heart for A&M?
Very deep, very grateful, passion for the place.
It was great as a student.
It's wonderful being a part of the staff here because it's kind of like
getting to play all over again and just, I mean, it's really neat.